Let's start with publishing our app to the Android app store and I can strongly recommend the official
documentation on the developer pages for Android of course you can find a link to all those documentations.
I'll show you're in the section in the last lecture off this core section.
You can also find it easily by googling for Android publish app.
So here you will find a detailed guide on how you may publish your app and then you can also go through
how to prepare you for these words in your app.
And then important for us now how we sign our app this is what we will need right now.
And we can do this through Android studio.
So let's quickly do this for this I hope my project here and then I'll go to the platforms folder and
then open the Android folder here as a project in Android studio and we're done.
We can go back to the documentation and follow through the steps.
So we should click on build generate signed a Piquet's So build and then either generate signed AP Kate
this would give us a signed bundle.
Here we select the module and we only have one which is Android.
And now we need to point to a key story a key story as simply as a little package holding the keys with
which we can sign our package to make sure that only we can sign it.
You can either choose an existing war or create a new store.
And here I strongly recommend falling through the steps guided here on the official documentation where
you will learn how to set up such an Yuki's store.
So I configured this here with my settings.
David any alias chose my own passwords for the keys store and for the key itself and then filled out
my personal information with that I'm clicking OK.
Now I actually ate at that key store it also took my password which I entered there with that we can
go to the next page.
And now we have to enter our password here.
So let's do this.
And with that done we can now choose where it should store does.
AP OK then if we want to build for debug which we don't want we want to build for release and we can
simply hit finish.
And this will now automatically build our project and give us this signed.
AP Okay let's have a look at it here in the Android folder in the platforms folder in my project.
You see a whole lot of files.
And it's this Android release AP which holds our application.
This is the file we can publish to the app stores.
Now on the federal documentation you can also find a way how to set up this build process to do all
that automatically.
And in the documentation I was pointing to earlier on the ionic framework docs.
You can also find ways of doing all those commands in the command line with to control command.
John assigner package and so on.
So these are alternatives.
I'm going to continue with this step here with the Google Play store so we can simply go to the Google
Play Store developer console by searching for Google Play Store console that should do the trick.
And you were taken to the developer console.
Now you will need to sign up and pay the $25 as I was mentioning.
And then after logging in and having a paid account you are here where you can now create an application
and start creating it.
So here it's city or some places at the default language is English is OK.
We can create the app now.
And with that it added this app and now you can go through the normal publishing process where you fill
out all these things provide some images and so on.
And that is something I won't do with you here because it simply is a whole lot to fill out.
But it is all of this crud very well here on the Android documentation if you want to go into this.
If you really want to publish your application you fully work here in this interface.
From now on.
And then in the end you go to AP K here and also upload your AP k.
And here we simply choose to JPK we just created in platforms Android and then this Android release
a bouquet.
We do this it will now upload this AP came to the Google Play store here which seems to work on once
we did this and we filled out all the ambers sections here.
We can click on publish and ship our application to the app store is also a final note.
Note that it automatically took that identifier dis ID here which is set up in de-conflict file appear.
So if you change that here this will also affect which IDs used here and that should of course be the
same ID.
This is how you can build your application for police for Android and how you then get started setting
it up here in the Google Play develop a console to ship it.